Hello. My name is Beth Duda, and I teach Spanish, levels 2, 3, and 4,
and last year, at the end of the school year, I was looking through the Teacher's Discovery catalog,
and I came across the Flangoo advertisement,
and I thought that this would be a very good program for my students,
because it offered so many different stories, and the levels that they offer
that I can use among all my kids because of their different skill levels in Spanish.
Not only will it help them increase in their vocabulary, their reading skills, how Spanish, the language itself works,
but also to read questions, and also write to questions in Spanish,
because all  of these skills are important in order to be somewhat fluent in a world language.
I can assign books to the class, I can have kids who are higher in the skill levels with Spanish,
they can choose a book that they wish to read. They can all work at their level.
I like how the program offers the speaking portion so they can hear how the words are pronounced,
and watch as the reader is reading it in Spanish, and if they want, they can go back
and re-read it themselves without that tool. All of these tools that you have offered with this program
are very good for the student, because all students are different.
There are stories about situations that maybe, that they themselves are having here at school, or at home,
and without them really realizing it, we're talking about the issue.
I can't wait till our classes begin some more today, so I can assign them a reading portion, and some questions.
I appreciate the this program, and I wish you all well. Thank you. Bye, bye.